Updated name of report (#168)
SW709E19/Report: report/titlepage.tex

  \centering
  \rule{\linewidth}{0.2 mm} \\[0.5 cm]
%IGNORE_LINE
  { \huge \bfseries Apollo}\\
  \rule{\linewidth}{0.2 mm} \\[2 cm]
  \includegraphics[scale=0.50]{images/aau_logo.pdf}\\[2 cm]
  \rule{\linewidth}{0.2 mm} \\[0.3 cm]

>   \textsc{\LARGE A Distributed Sensor Network} \\[0.5 cm]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \textsc{\LARGE An IoT Data- and Device Management Platform for Predictive Maintenance} \\[0.5 cm]
```
